[music playing]
Female Speaker: 2009,
Inauguration Day.
Female Speaker:
Inaugural Ball.
They walked out, she had
on that gorgeous
white dress.
Male Speaker: What's
the guy's name? Luther.
Jerry Seinfeld: Knocking
on the Oval Office window,
I would say.
That was probably the peak
of my entire existence.
Female Speaker: The
moment when he picked me.
I was so happy, I have to
like -- I have to be
the last question.
The President: Before I
answer your question, why
don't you give
me a little rap.
Let's see what you got.
Female Speaker: I was so
emotional, I was crying.
Thank you, President Obama, for coming to Vietnam.
Female Speaker: It's the
first time in my life I
felt like the White House
belonged to everybody.
Kerry Washington: And you
really felt -- you felt
those first three words of
the Constitution, "We the People."
It was one of those first
times in my life that I
felt like I was really
part of that "We."
Female Speaker: My Obama
moment was when I received
this letter from President
Obama last year welcoming
me to become a U.S. citizen.
Tom Hanks: When he just
changed all the rules on
the table in
regards to Cuba.
With the most succinct
motivation imaginable,
which is, "What we've been
doing hasn't worked."
Which made all the
sense in the world.
Male Speaker: My Obama
moment was the signing of
the Paris Agreement, and
making the United States a
leader in the fight
against global warming.
Leonardo DiCaprio:
When I was at the U.N.
and I, you know, I heard
our President say that
climate change is the most
important issue facing not
only this generation, but
all future generations.
It was inspiring.
Melinda Gates: For me, it
was traveling with the
President to
schools in Boston.
And the way he engaged the
students was just one of
those moments to see him
connect like that, that I
think you see throughout
his Presidency.
Female Speaker: My
favorite President Obama
moment was when he was
elected President in 2008,
because in 2008 was
when I was born.
John Legend: I never cried
before from election
results (laughs).
Female Speaker: I don't
know, just the magic
of that moment.
Of that man who we'd all
been on that journey with
take that stage
with his family.
I was sitting at home in
my living room and I felt
like I was a part of
that crowd in that park.
Male Speaker: I didn't
think I would live to see
a African American emerge
as President, but he did.
Female Speaker: Third
grade, when we had this
project to write a letter
to the White House.
It was really strange when
he actually replied back
because it was like,
"Woah, I'm a third grader
and I can actually get
a response from the President.
I can actually
make a difference."
Male Speaker: In the
aftermath of the school
shootings in Connecticut.
I don't know
how he did it.
Male Speaker: At one
point, at the lectern, he
started to sing "Amazing
Grace," and the entire
congregation stood
up and did the same.
And to me, it was just
a powerful moment.
One that the nation needed
and one that he
was able to provide.
Chance the Rapper: His
battle towards the end to
pardon a lot of convicted
felons who had been given
heavy sentences for small,
drug-related crimes.
Female Speaker: One
portion I remember most
about the visit was how
excited everybody
in my house was.
And especially all the
young people who were
helping us, and I think
the way they got so
excited and happy about it
was something that I will
always remember.
Male Speaker: When the
President of the United
States lit the first ever
Dia [phonetic sp.] in the
White House as a symbol
of the Hindu Festival of Lights.
Female Speaker: President
Obama put sexual violence
on the map as an issue.
Survivors can now speak
about their experiences
without shame.
It's been amazing to be
a part of that movement.
Samuel L. Jackson: The moment that, you know, we got the
Affordable Care
Act passed.
Because I have relatives
that, you know, can't
afford health insurance,
so it was really a great
thing to know that
something happened to them.
They'd get cared for.
Male Speaker: The
excitement we had when the
Affordable Care
Act became a law.
My particular case, I have
a pre-existing condition
which was finally able to
be cared for medically.
Male Speaker: When Obama
came out and spoke for
same-sex marriage.
Female Speaker: Him
showing support towards
trans, separately from
LGBT from sexuality.
Just, like, "Go, Obama!"
Female Speaker: The most
memorable Obama moment for
me is when he said,
"Eat your peas."
The President:
Eat our peas.
Female Speaker: Which
means, just do it or get
the most important
things done first.
Ellen DeGeneres: The CVS
experience with Michelle
was pretty cool.
And dancing with Barack at
his birthday party, and
he's a good
dancer, you know.
He should not get
any flack for that.
You're a good dancer.
Female Speaker: He's my
role model, my idol,
because I want
to be President.
Female Speaker: When he
wished Happy New Year to
all the Iranian Americans
and he said
[foreign language] live on
CNN, perfectly.
Michael Jordan: I often do
remember Jackie Robinson,
everybody does.
To me, he would be the
Jackie Robinson of
politics from
my standpoint.
Male Speaker: He told
everybody to clear out of
the way, and the kid
went and pressurized the
marshmallow gun and
they launched it.
The President: Oh!
Male Speaker:
So, Obama out.
Kobe Bryant: Dropped the
mic on them,
blew the kiss.
And when I saw that, it
absolutely blew me away.